at the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron
at the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron speak to the children of Israel and say
speak to the children of Israel and say
speak to the children of Israel and say to them when any man has a discharge
to them when any man has a discharge
to them when any man has a discharge from his body his discharges unclean and
from his body his discharges unclean and
from his body his discharges unclean and this shall be his uncleanness in regard
this shall be his uncleanness in regard
this shall be his uncleanness in regard to his discharge whether his body runs
to his discharge whether his body runs
to his discharge whether his body runs with his discharge or his body has
with his discharge or his body has
with his discharge or his body has stopped up by his discharge
stopped up by his discharge
stopped up by his discharge it is his uncleanness every bed is
it is his uncleanness every bed is
it is his uncleanness every bed is unclean on which he who has the
unclean on which he who has the
unclean on which he who has the discharge lies and everything on which
discharge lies and everything on which
discharge lies and everything on which he sits shall be unclean and whoever
he sits shall be unclean and whoever
he sits shall be unclean and whoever touches his bed shall wash his clothes
touches his bed shall wash his clothes
touches his bed shall wash his clothes and bathe in water and be unclean until
and bathe in water and be unclean until
and bathe in water and be unclean until evening he who sits on anything on which
evening he who sits on anything on which
evening he who sits on anything on which he who has the discharge said shall wash
he who has the discharge said shall wash
he who has the discharge said shall wash his clothes and bathe in water and be
his clothes and bathe in water and be
his clothes and bathe in water and be unclean until evening and he who touches
unclean until evening and he who touches
unclean until evening and he who touches the body of him who has the discharge
the body of him who has the discharge
the body of him who has the discharge shall wash his clothes and bathe in
shall wash his clothes and bathe in
shall wash his clothes and bathe in water and be unclean until evening if he
water and be unclean until evening if he
water and be unclean until evening if he who has the discharge spits on him who
who has the discharge spits on him who
who has the discharge spits on him who is clean then he shall wash his clothes
is clean then he shall wash his clothes
is clean then he shall wash his clothes and bathe in water and be unclean until
and bathe in water and be unclean until
and bathe in water and be unclean until evening
evening
evening in his saddle on which he who has the
in his saddle on which he who has the
in his saddle on which he who has the discharge rides shall be unclean whoever
discharge rides shall be unclean whoever
discharge rides shall be unclean whoever touches anything that was under him
touches anything that was under him
touches anything that was under him shall be unclean until evening he who
shall be unclean until evening he who
shall be unclean until evening he who carries any of those things shall wash
carries any of those things shall wash
carries any of those things shall wash his clothes and bathe in water and be
his clothes and bathe in water and be
his clothes and bathe in water and be unclean until evening and whomever the
unclean until evening and whomever the
unclean until evening and whomever the one who has the discharge touches and
one who has the discharge touches and
one who has the discharge touches and has not rinsed his hands in water he
has not rinsed his hands in water he
has not rinsed his hands in water he shall wash his clothes and bathe in
shall wash his clothes and bathe in
shall wash his clothes and bathe in water and be unclean until evening the
water and be unclean until evening the
water and be unclean until evening the vessel of Earth that he who has the
vessel of Earth that he who has the
vessel of Earth that he who has the discharge
discharge
discharge touches shall be broken and every vessel
touches shall be broken and every vessel
touches shall be broken and every vessel of wood shall be rinsed in water and
of wood shall be rinsed in water and
of wood shall be rinsed in water and when he who has a discharge is cleansed
when he who has a discharge is cleansed
when he who has a discharge is cleansed of his discharge then he shall count for
of his discharge then he shall count for
of his discharge then he shall count for himself seven days for his cleansing
himself seven days for his cleansing
himself seven days for his cleansing wash his clothes and bathe his body in
wash his clothes and bathe his body in
wash his clothes and bathe his body in running water then he shall be clean on
running water then he shall be clean on
running water then he shall be clean on the eighth day he shall take for himself
the eighth day he shall take for himself
the eighth day he shall take for himself two turtledoves or two young pigeons and
two turtledoves or two young pigeons and
two turtledoves or two young pigeons and come before the Lord to the door of the
come before the Lord to the door of the
come before the Lord to the door of the tabernacle of meeting and give them to
tabernacle of meeting and give them to
tabernacle of meeting and give them to the priests then the priest shall offer
the priests then the priest shall offer
the priests then the priest shall offer them the one as a sin offering and the
them the one as a sin offering and the
them the one as a sin offering and the other as a burnt offering so the priest
other as a burnt offering so the priest
other as a burnt offering so the priest shall make atonement for him before the
shall make atonement for him before the
shall make atonement for him before the Lord because of his discharge if any man
Lord because of his discharge if any man
Lord because of his discharge if any man has an omission of semen then he shall
has an omission of semen then he shall
has an omission of semen then he shall wash all his body in water and be
wash all his body in water and be
wash all his body in water and be unclean until evening and any garment
unclean until evening and any garment
unclean until evening and any garment and any leather on which there is semen
and any leather on which there is semen
and any leather on which there is semen it shall be washed with water and be
it shall be washed with water and be
it shall be washed with water and be unclean until evening also when a woman
unclean until evening also when a woman
unclean until evening also when a woman lies with a man and there is an omission
lies with a man and there is an omission
lies with a man and there is an omission of semen they shall bathe in water and
of semen they shall bathe in water and
of semen they shall bathe in water and be unclean until evening if a woman has
be unclean until evening if a woman has
be unclean until evening if a woman has a discharge and the discharge from her
a discharge and the discharge from her
a discharge and the discharge from her body is blood she shall be set apart
body is blood she shall be set apart
body is blood she shall be set apart seven days and whoever touches her shall
seven days and whoever touches her shall
seven days and whoever touches her shall be unclean until evening
be unclean until evening
be unclean until evening everything that she lies on during her
everything that she lies on during her
everything that she lies on during her impurity shall be unclean also
impurity shall be unclean also
impurity shall be unclean also everything that she sits on shall be
everything that she sits on shall be
everything that she sits on shall be unclean whoever touches her bed shall
unclean whoever touches her bed shall
unclean whoever touches her bed shall wash his clothes and bathe in water and
wash his clothes and bathe in water and
wash his clothes and bathe in water and be unclean until evening and whoever
be unclean until evening and whoever
be unclean until evening and whoever touches anything she sat on shall wash
touches anything she sat on shall wash
touches anything she sat on shall wash his clothes and bathe in water and be
his clothes and bathe in water and be
his clothes and bathe in water and be unclean until evening if anything is on
unclean until evening if anything is on
unclean until evening if anything is on her bed or on anything on which she sits
her bed or on anything on which she sits
her bed or on anything on which she sits when he touches it he shall be unclean
when he touches it he shall be unclean
when he touches it he shall be unclean until evening and if any man lies with
until evening and if any man lies with
until evening and if any man lies with her at all so that her impurity is on
her at all so that her impurity is on
her at all so that her impurity is on him he shall be unclean seven days and
him he shall be unclean seven days and
him he shall be unclean seven days and every bed on which he lies shall be
every bed on which he lies shall be
every bed on which he lies shall be unclean if a woman has a discharge of
unclean if a woman has a discharge of
unclean if a woman has a discharge of blood for many days other than at the
blood for many days other than at the
blood for many days other than at the time of her customary impurity or if it
time of her customary impurity or if it
time of her customary impurity or if it runs beyond her usual time of impurity
runs beyond her usual time of impurity
runs beyond her usual time of impurity all the days of her unclean discharge
all the days of her unclean discharge
all the days of her unclean discharge shall be as the days of her customary
shall be as the days of her customary
shall be as the days of her customary impurity she shall be unclean
impurity she shall be unclean
impurity she shall be unclean every bed on which she lies all the days
every bed on which she lies all the days
every bed on which she lies all the days of her discharge shall be to her as the
of her discharge shall be to her as the
of her discharge shall be to her as the bed of her impurity and whatever she
bed of her impurity and whatever she
bed of her impurity and whatever she sits on shall be unclean as the
sits on shall be unclean as the
sits on shall be unclean as the uncleanness of her impurity whoever
uncleanness of her impurity whoever
uncleanness of her impurity whoever touches those things shall be unclean he
touches those things shall be unclean he
touches those things shall be unclean he shall wash his clothes and bathe in
shall wash his clothes and bathe in
shall wash his clothes and bathe in water and be unclean until evening but
water and be unclean until evening but
water and be unclean until evening but if she is cleansed of her discharge then
if she is cleansed of her discharge then
if she is cleansed of her discharge then she shall count for herself seven days
she shall count for herself seven days
she shall count for herself seven days and after that she shall be clean and on
and after that she shall be clean and on
and after that she shall be clean and on the eighth day she shall take for
the eighth day she shall take for
the eighth day she shall take for herself two turtledoves or two young
herself two turtledoves or two young
herself two turtledoves or two young pigeons and bring them to the priests to
pigeons and bring them to the priests to
pigeons and bring them to the priests to the door of the tabernacle of meeting
the door of the tabernacle of meeting
the door of the tabernacle of meeting then the priest shall offer the one as a
then the priest shall offer the one as a
then the priest shall offer the one as a sin offering and the other as a burnt
sin offering and the other as a burnt
sin offering and the other as a burnt offering and the priest shall make
offering and the priest shall make
offering and the priest shall make atonement for her before the Lord for
atonement for her before the Lord for
atonement for her before the Lord for the discharge of her uncleanness thus
the discharge of her uncleanness thus
the discharge of her uncleanness thus you shall separate the children of
you shall separate the children of
you shall separate the children of Israel from their uncleanness lest they
Israel from their uncleanness lest they
Israel from their uncleanness lest they die in their uncleanness when they
die in their uncleanness when they
die in their uncleanness when they defile my tabernacle that is among them
defile my tabernacle that is among them
defile my tabernacle that is among them this is the law for one who has a
this is the law for one who has a
this is the law for one who has a discharge and for him who emits semen
discharge and for him who emits semen
discharge and for him who emits semen and is unclean thereby and for her who
and is unclean thereby and for her who
and is unclean thereby and for her who is indisposed because of her customary
is indisposed because of her customary
is indisposed because of her customary impurity and for one who has a discharge
impurity and for one who has a discharge
impurity and for one who has a discharge by the man and for him who lies with us
by the man and for him who lies with us
by the man and for him who lies with us who is unclean